Add binder specific config properties into stream doc (#193)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/3-stream-developer-guides/2-streams/1-standalone-stream-rabbitmq.md

- The `spring.cloud.stream.bindings.output.destination` property binds the `UsageCostProcessor` object's output to the `usage-cost` RabbitMQ exchange.
- The `spring.cloud.stream.bindings.output.producer.requiredGroups` property makes sure to create a durable queue named `usage-cost.logger`, which consumes from the `usage-cost` RabbitMQ exchange.

> You can also provide the RabbitMQ specific binder configuration properties as specified in [RabbitMQ binder documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream-binder-rabbit/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream-binder-rabbit.html#_configuration_options)

Reviewer: Can we maybe add this as a NOTE or as a TIP, so it has some emphasis and different formatting?

```suggestion
There are many configuration options that you can choose to extend/override to achieve the desired runtime behavior when using RabbitMQ as the message broker. The RabbitMQ-specific binder configuration properties are listed in the [RabbitMQ-binder documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream-binder-rabbit/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream-binder-rabbit.html#_configuration_options)
```
